Admin can only enter using username Bharti123 and password 1234
For adding any new attraction, I have taken a specific attraction ID which is used to get all information about any attraction of that given ID.
For modifying any attraction you can enter the name of the attraction to be modified and then change all the parameters that you want.
If you want to remove any attraction then just enter its ID.
In adding attraction only its name , attraction ID and description is asked.
To add other details like Attraction cost,its opening and closing timings enter 3 which comes under schedule events.
If the admin adds any attraction and forgets to add its cost then the attraction becomes free of cost by default for all visitors.
You can enter the age criteria , category, percentage of discount  by entering 4 under set discounts.
For offers, you have to enter the age in which the discount will be applied to visitors less than that age.
Special deals like on buying 2 coupons give 15%off, on buying 3 coupons it gives 30% off.(It was mentioned in Google classroom comments that for now just deal with these 2 special discounts)
In visitor’s statistics you can see total registered visitors, Total profit, most attractive place which visitors visited the most.
Then by entering 7 you can view feedback ,if any, given by any visitors.
To enter as a visitor you first need to be registered.
Getting the list of attractions and animals is completely free but to buy any ticket or see any attraction you have to either have a basic or premium membership.
All attractions are free for Premium members.
For basic members they need to purchase tickets and on purchase of more than  1 ticket they get special offers also.
The visitors might also get some offers if they lie in a category set up by admins , if the admin has added any offers initially.
Initially 6 animals, 2 animals of each type, are added in the zoo.
While deleting an animal you have to at least keep 2 animals of each category. If you try to delete any animal with count less than 2 , then it will show a warning.
In adding special deals, the 1st ticket will be bought at its initial price and for the 2nd ticket 15% discount will be applied(Only on 2nd ticket)
For adding any new animal, its class can only be changed/edited if “Mammal”,”Reptile”,”Amphibian” is written.

